{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1049{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs22\lang9 CRACK\par
\cf2 Crack down:  \ulnone Sert qaydalar qoymaq\ul\par
\ulnone Means to be more forceful, more severe in the enforcement of a punishment, or of a rule.\par
For example: The police are cracking down on underage drinking.\par
\par
\ul Crack up: \ulnone Depresyonda olmaq, yorgun olmaq/ Gulmekden catlamaq/ Gozlenilen olmaq veya olmamaq\par
\cf0 1)Mental health. If you are not well, depressed or under pressure or anxious, and you have an event like a mental breakdown or a psychotic break, you crack up.\par
For example: She cracked up because of the pressure of her new job.\par
He had a crackup during finals.\par
2) But it also has a meaning that's very different: when something is hilarious, very funny, and you laugh and laugh, you are cracking up.\par
For example: That movie cracked me up.\par
3) It's also used iin the phrase \ul cracked up to be, \ulnone meaning, supposed to be, or expected.\par
For example: He's cracked up to be the greatest pitcher of all time.\par
4) But usually the phrase is used in the negative, when something or someone doesn't meet expectations.\par
For example: I's not at all it's cracked up to be.\par
Fame isn't everything it's cracked up to be.\par
Making youtube videos isn't all it's cracked up to be.It looks simple but each video takes so much time.\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\cf1\ul BANG\par
\cf2 Bang out:  \ulnone Yola vermek, telesik is gormek cox bacarigin olmadan\ul\par
\cf0\ulnone When we bang something out, we do it quickly, without nuance, without being totally careful or precise about what you're doing.\par
"I can bang it out on the piano."\par
"Oh I don't have much time. I'm just going to bang out the report."\par
\ul Bang away: \ulnone "Bang out"nan eyni, Yola vermek, ve cox calismaq\par
"She banged away at the piano"\par
She played without much skill\par
2) Work hard.\par
"He banged away at the speech for days"\par
\par
\ul Bang down: \ulnone Yumrugu stola vurmaq\par
\par
\ul Bang into: \ulnone Bedenivi harasa vurmaq\par
\par
\ul Banged up:  \ulnone Yaralanmaq veya masini harasa vurmaq\par
If you get banged up, you're injured, hurt.\par
"He was in a car accident and was banged up pretty badly"\par
\par
\cf1\ul CUT\par
\cf2 Cut down: \ulnone Bir seyi kokunden kesmek, yox etmek, Azaltmaq, Dalga gecmek, Birinin havasini almaq\par
"They're cutting down a tree"\par
"I'm trying to cut down on sugars but it's so hard around the holidays"\par
"The bully cut her down in front of everyone by making fun of her glasses"\par
"He was so arrogant, I'm going to cut him down to size at the next meeting"\par
\par
\ul Cut up\ulnone : Dogramaq, Zarafat etmek, zarafatcil, incimek.\par
"The vegetables need to be cut up"\par
"I love John. He's such a cutup"\par
"She's cut up over losing her job"\par
\par
\ul Cut back: \ulnone Azaltmaq, Reduce\par
"We need to cut back our reliance on fossil fuels"\par
"I need to cut back calories if I'm going to lose weight"\par
\par
\ul Cut across \ulnone Yolu qisaltmaq, neyese tesir etmek,\par
"News of the merger cut across all the departments" merger - birlesme\par
\par
\ul\par
Cut through  \ulnone Yolu qisaltmaq, dilimlemek, hemde mecazi menada da islenir\ul\par
\ulnone "Let's cut through the quad. It's quicker that way"\par
"He cut through the  woods"\par
"The knife cut through the rope easily"\par
"His words cut through my heart"\par
\par
\ul Cut away \ulnone Videodan hansisa sehneni deyismek, neyise kesib atmaq bicaqla ve s.\par
"Cut away to people laughing"\par
"Cut away the fat before cooking the chicken"\par
\par
\ul Cut in \ulnone Sozunu kesmek, qabagina kecmek, bicaqla neyise kesmek ama iki yere bolmek yox,  paltar veya basqa birsey narahat olanda, vaxtini veya basqa birseyi cox almaq\par
"Someone cut in front of me"\par
"He cut his bother-in-law in on the deal"\par
\par
\ul Cut into  \ulnone bicaqla neyise kesmek ama iki yere bolmek yox,  paltar veya basqa birsey narahat olanda, vaxtini veya basqa birseyi cox almaq\par
"This shoe is cutting into my foot"\par
"This bench is cutting into my back"\par
"All of these emails are cutting into my free time"\par
\par
\par
\ul Cut off \ulnone sozunu kesmek, interrupt, sert qoymaq, providing, kimlese elaqeni kesmek, kiminse onunu kesmek, kesib qobartmaq\par
"I'm going to cut you off right there"\par
'She cut me off in the middle of a sentence'\par
'My parents cut me off. They said I need to get a job'\par
'I cut it off with Bob. He talks way too much'\par
'She cut in front of me. She cut me off'\par
\par
\ul Cut out \ulnone  Xarab olmaq, baglantinin gelib getmesi, birsey etmeyi dayandirmaq, etmeli cox is olanda\par
'The radio cut out'\par
'The radio keeps cutting in and out'\par
'I've cut out sugar'\par
'Cut it out' = Stop doing that\par
You have your work cut out for you\par
'It's going to take me weeks to translate this. I have my work cut out for me'\par
Not cut out = Yeni uygun deyil, yarasmir\par
'She's not cut out to be a teacher'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul PIN\par
\cf2 Pin down -\ulnone  Cox zaman negativ isledilir , neyise basa dusmemek, Bir insani pin down etmek yeni tutub saxlamaq, Bir sey haqqinda emin olmaq, \par
'I can't pin it down' - That means I can't understand or identify something\par
'There's something strange about him but I can't quite pin it down'\par
'We broke up the fight and pinned them down'\par
'I keep trying to make lunch plans with Sarah but I can't get her to pin down a date'\par
\par
\par
\ul Pin on - \ulnone ignelemek, mesuliyyeti, gunahi ustune yixmaq, birseye umid beslemek, inanmaq\par
'She was in charge of the project that failed but she tried to pin it on me'\par
'I'm pinning all my hopes on this new teacher that she can help my son understand math'\par
\par
\par
\ul Pin up \ulnone - Mismarla vurmaq, yapisdirmaq, \par
'I pinned up an advertisement for a roommate on the bulletin board'\par
Pinup - isim - kimi beautiful sexy woman\par
'She is Hollywood's latest pin up girl'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul Tell\par
\cf2 Tell apart - \ulnone Ayirmaq, ayird etmek\par
'I still have a problem telling the twins apart'\par
\par
\ul Tell from \ulnone - Tell apart la eyni menada\par
'Can you tell her from her sister' - Can you distinguish between them\par
\par
\ul Tell off \ulnone - Esebi qisqirmaq,\par
'He broke my sister's heart so I told him off'\par
Go off on - Tell off la eyni menada - 'She went off on me because I accdently left the oven on'\par
\par
\ul Tell on \ulnone - kimese neyinse pis oldugunu demek\par
'Don't tell on me' - Usaqlar daha cox isledir\par
'I'm going to tell on you if you keep doing that'\par
\par
\cf1\ul Play\par
\cf2 Play around \ulnone - Diqqetsiz davranmaq, zarafatca davranmaq, sirtiglig elemey, sinamaq\par
'Don't play around with that. I's fragile'\par
'I'm still playing around with the logo'\par
\par
\par
\ul Play along \ulnone - kiminse xetrine neyeyese destek olmaq, isbirliyi etmek, \par
'I know Santa's not real, but I'm going to play along for the sake of the kids'\par
\par
\ul Play back \ulnone - Video veya sesin yazilmis olmasi,\par
'I didn't hear that sentence. Can you play it back again'\par
\par
\ul Play down \ulnone - elede onemli olmayan birseyi etmek\par
'When the project failed, he tried to play down his role in it'\par
'She's so talented but she's always trying to play it down'\par
\par
\par
\ul Play up \ulnone - Play down un eksi, onemli birsey etmek\par
'In the job interview, play up your strengths'\par
\par
\par
\ul Play off \ulnone - eks fikirde olmaq\par
'She played her parents off each other after the divorce to get what she wanted'\par
\par
\ul Play on \ulnone - Kiminse qorxularindan istifade etmek\par
'He played on her fear of burglars and sold her a very expensive security system'\par
\par
\ul Play out \ulnone - neyinse bitmesi\par
'Let's see how this plays out'\par
\par
\ul Play with \ulnone - Tez tez neyese toxunmaq, \par
'Playing with the idea' - It means you're thinking about something. You haven't decided for sure.\par
'She's playing with the idea of running for city council'\par
\par
\cf1\ul HIT\par
\cf2 Hit back \ulnone - Qarsiliq vermek, saldirmak\par
'After the paper ran a false story on her, she hit back with a lawsuit'\par
\par
\ul Hit up \ulnone - Kimdense birsey sorusmaq,\par
'Hey, can I hit you up for a dollar ?'\par
'If you ever need anything, hit me up'\par
\par
\ul Hit off \ulnone - Kimlese iyi gecinmek\par
'Luckily, I hit it off with my mother in low'\par
\par
\ul Hit on \ulnone - Seksual isteyinin kiminse bilmesini istemek, birseyi tapmaq\par
'I'm not sure but I think that guy at the bar is hitting on me'\par
'I think you hit on the answer there'\par
'I think you hit on a solution to the problem'\par
\par
\cf1\ul HEAR\par
\cf2 Hear about - nese haqqinda xeberi olmaq\par
\ulnone 'Did you hear about Joan and Steven? They broke up'\par
\ul\par
Hear from -  \par
\ulnone 'I heard from Shannon that Joan and Steven Broke up'\par
'We would love to hear from you'\par
\par
\par
\ul Hear of -  \ulnone Nese haqqinda varligindan xeberin var ama gormemisen\par
'You've heard of the movie but you haven't seen it'\par
\par
\ul Unheard of \ulnone -  yeni birsey, evvelceden olmamais birsey, bele birsey hele olmamisdi kimi birsey\par
'The woman who won the race set a world record. That  kind of time is unheard of'\par
\par
\ul Not heard of -  \ulnone Medeni sekilde icaze vermemek\par
'I will not hear of it'\par
'I'll just walk to your house from the train station. No. I won't hear of it. I'll pick you up in my car'\par
\ul\par
\par
\par
Hear out -  \ulnone Sozumu onuna qeder dinle\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx3834\cf1\ul PRICE\par
\par
\cf2 Price out\ulnone  - Yeni birsey alanda uygun qiymetli birseyi almag ucun axtaris elemey\par
'We have to price out the cost of a new roof' = Shop around\par
'We shopped around all day to price out new TVs and I think we got a great deal'\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul Price up\ulnone  - Qiymeti coxaltmaq, Increase the price\par
'They priced it up when they realized everyone wanted one'\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul Price down\ulnone  - Qiymeti azaltmaq, reduce the price\par
'Hopefully things will be priced down after the holidays'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul DIE\cf2\par
\par
Die away\ulnone  - Gozden itib getmek, Fade, Esasen seslerde istifade olunur - Sesin kesilmesi, birseyin azalmasi\par
'The sound of the train died away as it left town'\par
'The laughter of the crowd died away as they realized how serious the situation was'\par
'The excitement of Christmas day died away as the kids got older'\par
'The new paint smell should die away over time'\par
Over time - Mesai\par
\par
\par
\ul Die back\ulnone  - Bitkilerde istifade olunur, Die \par
'Our yard dies back in the winter' - Yeni bitkiler olmur ama yarpaglari tokulur, rengi solur\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul Die down\ulnone  - Die away kimi isledilir, zeyiflemek\par
'Put another log on the fire, it's dying down'\par
'When the rain dies down, let's go for a walk'\par
\par
\ul Die for\ulnone  - Birseyi cox istemek, birseyin cox qeseng olmasi\par
'I'd die for the chance to go to the big game'\par
'This chocolate cake is to die for'\par
'I'm dying to go to Europe'\par
\par
\ul Die out\ulnone  - Nesli tukenmek, extinct\par
'The dinosaurs died out million of years ago'\par
'We have to prevent rare species from dying out'\par
Prevent - Engel olmaq, onlemek\par
'Old family traditions have died out with the younger generations'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul BREAK\cf2\par
\par
Break away\ulnone  - Ayrilmaq\par
'The boat may break away from the dock in the storm'\par
'The girl broke away from her father and jumped into the pool'\par
'She has broken away from the pack and is now in the lead'\par
\par
\par
\ul Break down\ulnone  - Xarab olmaq, Bozulmak, Dagitmaq, Sokmek, Dismantle, Balaca hisselere bolmek\par
'My car broke down on a long road trip'\par
'Their marriage broke down after the kids left the house'\par
'The negotiations broke down quickly'\par
'Break down the cardboard boxes before putting them in the recycling bin'\par
'I'm going to break down the old shed in my yard'\par
'The meat will break down as you cook it'\par
'This is a big problem. Let's break it down into manageable parts'\par
Disorder - Qarisiqliq\par
\par
\ul Break in\ulnone  - Illegal is gormek, daha rahat etmek, qefilden nese etmek\par
'Let's break into Mary's vacation house when she is not there'\par
'These new shoes hurt. I need to break them in'\par
'The leather is still very stiff. You have to use it a while to break it in'\par
'She broke into a smile when she saw the puppy'\par
'The audience broke into applause as soon as the star walked on stage'\par
\par
\ul Break off\ulnone  - Ayirmaq, bolmek, iliskini sonlandirmaq\par
'Break off a piece of chocolate'\par
'Part of my tooth broke off in a skiing accident'\par
'My mom thinks I should break it off with Doug'\par
\par
\ul Break out\ulnone  - Qefilden baslamaq, turmeden qacmaq, nese servis etmek, cild bakimi etmek\par
'A fire broke out in the kitchen'\par
'The war broke out right after he graduated'\par
'She broke out in song at the party'\par
'I don't know how they did it, but two men broke out of jail'\par
'It's almost midnight. Let's break out the champagne'\par
'Of course I broke out right before my wedding'\par
'I broke out in a cold sweat before my speech'\par
\par
\ul Break through\ulnone  - Nealiyyet elde etmek, Esasen isim kimi islenir, Bariyer, engel\par
'He believes he is close to a big breakthrough with his research'\par
'When playing Red Rover, you have to break through the other team's line'\par
\par
\ul Break up\ulnone  - Iliskinin sonlandirilmasi, telefonda xeetin kesilmesi\par
'Joe and I broke up last week'\par
'What? You're breaking up'\par
'Let's break up into small groups to discuss the play'\par
\par
\ul Break with \ulnone  - Eneneni bozmak,\par
'We're going to break with tradition this year and stay home for the holidays'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul PSYCH\par
\cf2 Psyched up\ulnone  - Zehinsel olaraq hazirlanmaq\par
'I'm studying a lot. I'm feeling positive. I'm trying to get psyched up for my final exam'\par
'He psychs himself up before races by listening to heavy metal'\par
'My coach does a good job of psyching me up before games'\par
\par
\ul Psych out\ulnone  - Ozune daha az guvenmek\par
'The other team tried to psych us out with their expensive uniforms'\par
'I got psyched out when I couldn't find my lucky penny'\par
\par
\cf1\ul TAP\par
\cf2 Tap out\ulnone  - Hecbirseyi qalmamaq(Pul, enerji ve s.)\par
'I don't have any money. I'm totally tapped out after vacation'\par
\par
\ul Tap into\ulnone  - Tedaruk etmek, saglamak\par
'Our new employee has a great energy. I wish I could tap into it'\par
'Hey, can I tap into your snacks?'\par
'We had to tap into our savings to buy a new car'\par
\par
\ul Tap for\ulnone  - \par
'She was tapped to sing the Star Spangled Banner at the baseball'\par
'She was tapped to be company's new CEO'\par
\par
\cf1\ul HEAD\cf2\par
Head back\ulnone  - Geri qayitmaq\par
'I'm going to feel tired, why don't we head back'\par
'I'm going to head back around seven'\par
\par
\ul Head out\ulnone  - cixib getmek, getmek\par
'I'm going to head back'\par
'I think it's time to head out. I don't want to be late'\par
\par
\ul Head for or Head towards\ulnone  - Neyese teref getmek, neyese dogru\par
'Let's head for the lake'\par
'I'd like to head towards a solution to this problem'\par
\par
\ul Head off\ulnone  - Neyinse olmagina engel olmaq, hemde Head out kimi cixib getmek menasinda\par
'They're trying to head off the publication of my article'\par
'Try to head her off at the door. I don't want her to see the painting until I'm done with it'\par
'Well I guess it's time to head off'\par
\par
\ul Head down\ulnone  - getmek, yol tarif ederken\par
'You want to head down I-95 to exit 40'\par
'I' don't want to head down that road. I don't want to have to visit her everytime I'm in town'\par
\par
\ul Head up\ulnone  - neyinse basina kecmek, bascisi olmaq, Up olmadan da istifade olunur\par
'She's going to head up our marketing division'\par
'She's going to head the team'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul SNAP\par
Snap to it - tez nese etmek - \cf2 Pick that up. Comeon. Snap to it!\par
\par
Snap back\ulnone  - Geri dondurmek, normala qayitmaq, qefil sarsinti kecirmek\par
'She snapped back into her routine after having twins. I couldn't believe it'\par
'My head snapped back in the accident'\par
\par
\ul Snap off\ulnone  - neyise citirtiynan qirmaq\par
'You can snap a twig off a branch'\par
\par
\ul Snap at\ulnone  - tez nese demek icinde birikmis birseyi\par
'Stop that, would you!' - 'Fine. Don't snap at me'\par
\par
\ul Snap out of it\ulnone  - Stop feeling upset or in a bad mood\par
'You've been complaining all day. Snap out of it'\par
\par
\ul Snap up\ulnone  - Tez nese almaq\par
'Let's go snap up some after-Christmas sales'\par
'Tickets to the concert were snapped up in the first five minutes'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul SHOW\cf2\ulnone\par
\ul Show around\ulnone  - Haranisa tanitmak\par
'Let me show you around'\par
\par
\ul Show in\ulnone  - I lead you into my house\par
'Call John when you arrive and he'll show you in'\par
\par
\ul Show out\ulnone  - I lead you out of my house\par
'I'll show you out'\par
\par
\ul Show off\ulnone  - Ozunu gostermek, When you show off, you're trying to impress somebody, trying to display your abilities to attract attention, daha cox isim kimi isledilir\par
'She showed off by doing a bunch of flips in gym class'\par
'He's such a showoff'\par
'She's showing off her huge diamond ring by talking with her hand'\par
\par
\ul Show through\ulnone  - Able to be seen through something else, neyinse sayesine gorsenmek\par
'Your underwear shows through that dress' bu paltardan alt paltarin gorsenir\par
\par
\ul Show up\ulnone  - Gelib catmaq, easy to see, show someone up is to look better than them, or try to look better than them\par
'She showed up 10 minutes late'\par
'Just show up on time'\par
'The purple letters show up well on the white background'\par
'I brought some cookies but Laura showed me up when she brought homemade apple pie'\par
\par
\ul Showdown\ulnone  - Fel kimi yox, isim kimi islenir, karsilasma, tartisma\par
'The Super Bowl is a showdown between the two best teams in the NFL'\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul WALK\cf2\par
Walk off \ulnone  - Birden bire getmek, Leave abruptly maybe because you're upset\par
'Don't walk off until you've learned this phrasal verb'\par
'The actor got mad and walked off the set'\par
'Please don't just walk off. Let's figure this out'\par
Walk something off - Fikrini deyismek, kimse esebidise demey olar:\par
'Why don't you walk it off and then we'll talk about it'\par
\par
\par
\ul Walk off with\ulnone  - Ogurlamaq\par
'Someone walked off with the earrings'\par
\par
\ul Walk away\ulnone  - Leave a situation\par
'It's hard to walk away from an abusive relationship'\par
'You can't just walk away from your problems'\par
 \par
\ul Walk out \ulnone - Neyise terketmek, ayrilmag, iliskiye son qoymag\par
'The students walked out at noon to show opposition to the war'\par
'He walked out on her last year'\par
'He walked out on his responsibilities'\par
\par
\ul Walk in on\ulnone  - Yarida kesmek, Find someone doing something they didn't want you to see\par
'I walked in on an intense conversation'\par
'If you don't lock the bathroom door, someone might walk in on you'\par
'She walked in on her parents having sex'\par
\par
\ul Walk into\ulnone  - Ozunu gozlenilmez veziyyetde tapmaq, birseyi asan elde etmek\par
'I walked right into his trap'\par
'I walked right into that joke'\par
'She just walked into a job at the law firm'\par
\par
\ul Walk over\ulnone  - Kimdense istifade etmek, 'All' ile de istifade olunur\par
'You can't just let your boss walk all over you'\par
\par
\ul Walk through\ulnone  - If you walk through something, you practice it or think through the steps\par
Eger prove edirsense deye bilersen :\par
'Let's walk through that scene one more time'\par
Veya cetin bir veziyyeti fikirlesirsen:\par
'Let's walk through the possibilities one more time'\par
\par
\ul Walk up\ulnone  - Ust mertebeye cixmaq, yaxinlasmaq\par
'She walked up to the manager and asked for a job'\par
\par
\cf1\ul GRIND\cf2\par
Grind up\ulnone  - Balaca parcalara bolmek\par
'Grind up the cloves for the cookie recipe'\par
'She has a special machine to grind up the chicken'\par
\par
\ul Grind down\ulnone  - Kohneltmek, yormaq - Wear out\par
'The Stone was ground down over centuries'\par
'The stress of this 30-day Challenge is grinding me down' or Wearing me out\par
\par
\ul Grind on\ulnone  - Grind down kimi yormaq, Take a long time, and it has a negative feeling about it\par
'The stress of this project is really grinding on me'\par
'This house renovation is just grinding on'  Renovation - Yenileme, tamirat\par
\par
Grind out - Nese uretmek, 'Bang out ' kimi\par
'I have to grind out that report'\par
'I'm going to grind out another article by the end of the day'\par
\par
Grind away - Grind out un tersi, neyinse cox vaxt apparmasi\par
'Are you studying for the GRE? - Yup, I'm grinding away every day'\par
\par
Grind on - Hemcinin - When someone is doing some dirty dancing on you\par
'That person is grinding on me all night'\par
\par
\cf1\ul BUY\cf2\ulnone\par
\ul Buy up\ulnone  - Buy all of something that you can, quickly\par
'This is a great deal. I'm going to buy up all these frames'\par
'They're buying up all the empty lots in Philadelphia to build apartments'\par
\par
Buy out - Menfeet qazanmaq ucun almaq, Buy all of someone's shares or stake in a company\par
'I bought out my partner when she decided to retire'\par
'Instagram was bought by Facebook' - \cf1 That can also be 'Bought out'\par
\cf2\par
Buy off - That means you pay that person, you give him or her money so that they would do something or not do something for you. You bribe them. \par
Bribe - Rusvet (Vermek)\par
'They wanted to buy me off but I'm not going to take their money. I'm going to report their illegal activity'\par
\par
Buy into - You believe it\par
'I bought into the idea that he was going to be a great president'\par
'I don't buy it' - I don't believe it\par
\par
Buy in - Yatirim yapmak\par
'I think you should buy in to this company. I really think the stock is going to go up'\par
'I'm going to buy in to to the game at that table'\par
\par
Buy back - When a company sells you something, and then when it's not useful to you anymore, they'll buy it back.\par
\par
\cf1\ul POLISH\par
\cf2\ulnone Polish off - Finish something, We used it a lot with food and drink, To kill somebody\par
'There's only a little wine left in the bottle. Who will polish it off?'\par
'I tried not to, but I polished off ythe cake'\par
'She wanted her boyfriend to polish off her ex-husband'\par
\par
\par
Polish up - It means to change things, to improve things, in order to help the image of something\par
'I'm going to polish up my sales pitch before I send my next emails'\par
'I really need to polish up this piano piece before the recital'\par
'I need to polish up my Spanish before my trip to Peru'\par
'Will you polish up your phrasal verb vocabulary?'\par
\par
\cf1\ul SLEEP\cf2\par
Sleep in - \ulnone That means you wake up late\par
'I'm going to sleep in on Saturday.It's going to be so great'\par
\par
Sleep away - We use this to mean to waste time sleeping\par
'You can't just sleep the morning away'\par
'I'm going to sleep the whole day away. I'm so tired'\par
\par
Sleep something off - Sleep while drugs or alcohol have the cahnce to leave your system for your body process them\par
'He showed up drunk so I told him to go home and sleep it off'\par
\par
Sleep on - Means to wait to make a decision until the next day\par
'I have to decide what college to go to. I'm going to sleep on it and make the final decision tomorrow'\par
\par
Sleep over - Means to spend the night at someone else's house\par
'Mom, can Jane sleep over?'\par
\par
Sleep through - Means it didn't wake you up\par
'I slept right through the New Years Eve fireworks'\par
\par
Sleep around - Means to have sex with lots of different people\par
'For some reason it's okay for men to sleep around but not women'\par
\par
Sleep with and Sleep together - Mean to have sex\par
'Do you think that Kim and her assistant are seeping together?'\par
\par
\par
\cf1 GROW\cf2\par
Grow on - If something grows on you, that means you like it more and more, xosuna gelmek\par
'At first I didn't like the name they choose for their baby, but it's really grown on me'\par
\par
Grow apart - Means to be less close\par
'We were best friends in college, but we've really grown apart. We hardly talk anymore'\par
\par
Grow back - geri gelmek\par
'I hate my haircut, but I know it will grow back'\par
\par
Grow into - To get big enough, It also means to become more natural or comfortable with something\par
'These shoes are too big for my son but he'll grow into them next year'\par
'She's really grown into a confident young woman'\par
'There's a lot to learn. He needs some time to grow into the job'\par
\par
Grow out - Use to with hair\par
'I'm trying to grow out my hair, so just trim a little off' sacimi uzadiram, sadece azca kesin\par
\par
Grow out of - to get too big for something, Stop doing something as you get older, It can also mean to develop because of something\par
'Why spend a lot of money on children's clothes? They'll just grow out of them so fast!'\par
'I wish he'd grow out of this temper tantrum phase' Phase - Evre, asama,  tantrum - aksi, sinirli\par
'The nonproofit grew out of a need for affordable housing'\par
\par
Grow up - Boyumek\par
\par
\cf1\ul DIG\cf2\par
Dig in\ulnone  - This is an informal way to say, go ahead and start eating\par
'Alright guys, the food's going to get cold so dig in'\par
\ul Dig one's heels in\ulnone  - Redd etmek, karsi koymak\par
'He keeps trying to get me to chance my mind but I'm digging in my heels'\par
\par
Dig up - Means to find something\par
'It took forever, but I dug up the instructions on how to work the coffee maker'\par
'They're trying to dig up evidence to put him in jail'\par
\par
Dig out - Cixarmaq\par
'I need to dig out that file, it's at the very back'\par
'After the earthquake, they tried for days to dig out survivors'\par
'I hate it when I have to dig something out that's at the very bottom of my purse'\par
\par
Dig it - Beyenmek\par
'Do you dig it?'\par
'I dig your shoes'\par
'I dig this lesson on phrasal verbs'\par
\par
\cf1\ul WORK\cf2\par
Work up\ulnone  - It can mean to become upset, If you work something up, that means to spend time developing it\par
'I got all worked up about what my boss said'\par
'You don't need to get worked up about it'\par
'He worked up a presentation for the conference'\par
'We worked up an appetite by doing yard work all day'\par
'I don't run much now but I want to work up to a 10k'\par
\par
Work towards - That means you're doing something with a goal in mind\par
'We're working towards a resolution to this problem'\par
'She's working towards an early retirement'\par
\par
Work through - It can mean to work without stopping, When you work through something, you're dealing with a problem and you're trying to solve it, to make it better, Iliskilerde daha cox istifade olunur\par
'We're going to have to work through the night if we're going to meet our deadline'\par
Deadline - son tarih\par
'They have a good marriage. They really work through their problems'\par
'They work through them'\par
\par
Work over - Means to beat up or handle roughly\par
Roughly - Kabaca\par
'The boys really worked over their younger brother'\par
\par
Work out - It can mean to exercise, It can also mean to end successfully, We also use it in math, or when calculating something\par
'I'm going to work out around 7' - That means maybe I'm going to go to the gym, lift weight, swim run or something like that\par
'She always works out really early in the morning'\par
'Hey Rachel, how'd your project go? - There were some problems at the beginning, but it all worked out'\par
'Their marriage didn't work out. They got divorced after ten years'\par
'It works out that the rain is actually the most expensive option'\par
'I can't work out this calculus problem'\par
Calculus - hesap\par
\par
Work against - Means to make it harder to get the desired result\par
'His criminal history working against him getting a job'\par
\par
Work around - Means to find a different way to do something\par
'You have to work around it'\par
'The tennis courts are already reserved when we want to play. Well we're just going to have to work around it'\par
Esasen isim kimi sitifade olunur Workaround\par
'The architect has to come up with a workaround. The skylights she wanted aren't available'\par
\par
Work at - Means to try hard, to put effort over time\par
'If you want to get better at basketball, you have to work at it'\par
\par
Working away - Means to do something, with effort, over time\par
'He's working away up in his room'\par
'I'm working away at this Rachel's English 30 day challenge trying to learn new vocabulary'\par
\par
Work in - Means to include something, or also, to make time for something\par
'Can you meet with the client Thursday'\par
'My schedule's tight, but I'll try to work it in after lunch'\par
'I read your story. I love it, but I think you should work in the part about having lunch with your mom'\par
\par
Work into - Means to mix it in\par
'Work the extra flour into the dough by kneading it'\par
\par
To work yourself into something - We use this with the word 'frenzy' a lot\par
Frenzy - Cilginlik\par
'She worked herself into a frenzy when she thought she lost her friend's cat'\par
'He worked himself into a rage before confronting his father'\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\ulnone\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf0\par
\par
\par
\ul\par
\ulnone\par
\b0\par
}
 